This appears to be their second file, sir.
What on earth is their
top general doing out here?
A few more units are catching up
from further in.
Crush them all.
Don't let a single squad through.
Central Hill
Qing She and his squad of elites had run
diagonally along the foot of the central hill,
making huge bounds through the forest
and attacking Lei Tu's second file
directly from the side.
Yue Ying
What's more, the units on the
Qing She Army's right flank
were advancing on Lei Tu's
first file one after another.
Before they knew it, Lei Tu's
and Ze Nuo's units
found themselves in desperate straits,
isolated and surrounded.
This is where we sever their
head from its reinforcements.
Sever?!
You started this--and there's
no going back now, Huan Yi.
Heiyong at Night
The instinctive type...
Li Mu often compares Qing She to a spider.
A formidable spider, spinning
a web of invisible threads.
Just when his foes think
they're in a good position,
they find themselves captured
--and soon, corpses.
Huan Yi...
He's gone and touched the spider's web,
however inadvertently.
Here it's day one, and Huan Yi
will be getting an arm devoured.
Dammit, they just keep coming!
Where's the next file?
I don't kn--
Peng Lu and his guys just left
to check on them!
He figures they might've gotten lost!
Lei Tu, sir!
Behind you!
Hey, Peng Lu!
There's no trace of our
reinforcements! Not a one!
A-And when I went further back,
I found enemy soldiers instead!
What?! Wh-What do you mean?
I mean that we've got pursuers
instead of reinforcements!
Tch.
No wonder they're so cocky
in the face of the Ze Nuo Gang's mayhem.
This might be a first...
I don't think the boss has ever
been so thoroughly set up.
Boss, there's something off
about Lei Tu's unit...
As Lei Tu had surmised,
this crisis was far beyond
anything Huan Yi had predicted.
Boss...
Just watch.
However, there was one thing
Qing She had not realized.
The Huan Yi Army had
a special wisdom
that only former bandit
bands could possess.
Ze Nuo!
Hear me out,
would ya?
Sound the Fire Hare!
Whistles?
Shit!
Dammit!
The Fire Hare whistle.
Its sound meant "backs against
the wall, completely surrounded."
Individual units needed no
messages or orders.
Hearing this whistle brought Huan Yi's
soldiers back to their bandit days,
all bolting like rabbits to be
the first away from the scene.
Why, you--
What gives with this lot?
So unseemly! So chaotic!
Have you amateurs never
heard of a rear guard?
You really are apes--mountain apes!
You're so boneheaded that
I've started to take a shine to you,
Huan Yi!
Onward! Strike those mountain
apes square in their backs!
Those were Lei Tu's and Ze Nuo's
Fire Hares, weren't they.
Yep.
Even as a bystander,
I hate to hear that sound.
Takes you back, does it?
That it does.
Both units are being pummeled
from behind right about now.
Still, leave it to Lei Tu
to make such a snap decision.
Yep.
Sounding the Fire Hare
before they were surrounded
means both units will
likely escape intact.
To Zhao, they must look like
rank amateurs on the run.
But when all's said and done, running like that keeps the most men alive.
Right.
They were well skilled at running.
As bandits, they had evaded the Qin army,
hiding deep in the mountains.
Their experience taught them that a scattered,
"every man for himself" retreat
carried the highest rate of survival.
While individuals targeted by
multiple enemies stood no chance,
their deaths afforded time
for most of the others to escape.
Wh-What's going on here?
The horses can't keep up!
Above all, they ran so fast
that Yue Ying's soldiers
couldn't believe their eyes.
There was also another advantage.
R-Report!
We have lost track of the two
large men thought to be commanders!
What?! Ridiculous!
You let enemy commanders slip away
before your very eyes?!
Now hunt them down
and bring us their heads!
We've sent men in pursuit, sir!
If only they had a rear guard,
we could trace forward.
But they've scattered to the winds,
not even guarding their officers.
Once we lose sight of them...
To be honest, we're not even sure
we're really on their trail...
Send out more pursuit squads!
These are commanders!
Do not let them escape!
Tch.
It's already practically
nightfall, dammit.
How many of us bit
the dust, do you think?
Like I know!
That you, Lei Tu?
Ah, Ze Nuo!
Whoa! Brought a lot of your buddies, huh?
So you're here, too.
Yeah.
Are you thinkin' what
I'm thinkin', Lei Tu?
Zhao
Yeah.
All that fencing they built,
and it's nothing but ashes.
It'll make a good watch fire tonight.
Remember this, Zhao scum:
We're former bandits, and no matter
how badly we screw up,
we sure as hell ain't
going home empty-handed!
Damn straight.
Fei
The enemy has their best chance
while we're still unfamiliar with this terrain.
The Zhao army will be attacking
us on this first night!
Perimeter troops,
be ready to fight at any moment!
Double the number of lookouts! I want regular updates from the scouts in the brush!
Get into your positions
before the moon is clouded over!
Dammit. We've never camped so close
to the enemy in such a deep forest before.
Yeah.
And if they come with their torches unlit,
we won't know how close they are.
Xin?
Hey, Chu Shui. That was fast.
East side's all set?
Yes.
The west should be done soon, too.
But listen, Xin: as I understand it,
Qiang Lei still hasn't returned.
Yeah.
She vanished into the forest
when she left on patrol.
Ain't heard from her since.
After Qiang Lei went on ahead,
we returned to the near hill,
which created a good-sized gap.
If the Zhao army have slipped
into that gap, it's possible that...
That she's behind enemy lines.
I mean, if she ain't back yet,
that's probably it.
She had only a small cavalry with her. I hope they weren't captured, but...
She wouldn't let
a mistake like that happen.
I'm more worried about--
X-Xin!
A messenger from the main
army--from General Huan Yi!
Tch. Comin'!
Uh-oh--there goes the moon.
Should we light a fire?
What are you, stupid?
Keep your voices down.
Ugh! I can't see a damn thing!
Huddle up for a moment.
Can you see this?
Here.
This here is the Fei Xin Force,
and this is the Zhao army.
Right now, we're somewhere around here...
Probably.
Th-Then... we're completely cut off.
No wonder we kept comin' up behind Zhao soldiers whenever we tried to head back.
Why is our force even so far behind?
We should return at once, Qiang Lei.
At this point, they
won't be needing a patrol.
But how? Zhao's camps
will be on high alert, too.
If we get too close...
We'll have to run along the side, evade the Zhao armies, and circle around them.
You'd run all that way
without any torches?
We can't even keep a sense
of direction in this darkness.
We won't circle around them.
Sun Ren's right: Tomorrow we head back
so I can lead our unit in battle.
But there's something we need to do first.
We're behind the enemy right now.
An opportunity this good
may never come again.
Fei Xin Force Camp
Xin, you shithead of a servant!
Your incredible first-day blunder
has earned you a beheading!
Now hang on! You can't
just waltz in here and--
I can, because my boss is the
commanding general of this army.
But he knows as well as I do
that taking your head now
will only make things worse
on the right flank.
So he's commuting your sentence.
I'll be bringing back an arm instead.
Wait a second!
That's still not--
Well, what can you do?
Right about here okay?
Wh-What the hell do
you think you're doing?!
X-Xin!
Shut it! Enough of your gripin'--
it's the first damn day!
All that matters
is who wins in the end!
Now he's just lashing out.
He's got you there, Mǎ Yin.
Huh?
Looks like threats and bluffing
won't work on this bunch.
But I really was told
to bring back his right arm.
Go dig a hole, Chu Shui.
We'll bury these chumps
and say the messenger never arrived.
Th-This guy...
Yo, messenger.
Go back and tell
General Huan Yi this!
We take the responsibility for our mistake
more seriously than anyone else!
So starting on day two, we'll
destroy all enemies in our path...
...and the Fei Xin Force will create
a chance to turn this battle around!
And in the end, I'm the one who'll
take General Qiang She's head
and lead us to victory in Heiyong!
Mǎ Yin.
Tell the boss that Na Gui
will assume the debt of the arm.
I was sent here, after all--
I do bear some responsibility.
Nothing wrong with defiant
speeches from a captain.
But as we saw today, we're
up against one tough customer.
That's not a problem.
Today's struggles showed me how
to fight in this wooded terrain--
what we can and can't do.
I bet my own head that we'll
break through the front line tomorrow
and bring the unit alongside
the central hill.
I sure hope so.
Not long afterward,
the camp was attacked,
just as He Liao Diao had predicted.
Looks like we're all right.
They can't do much
if we know they're coming.
I am worried that Qiang Lei
hasn't returned, though.
So am I.
A dense forest at nighttime.
Honestly, these conditions
were practically made for her.
Yeah. Which makes me worried
she'll do something rash.
Uh-huh.
Tomorrow the real comeback begins.
Get your butt back here, Qiang Lei.
Zhao
Th-This is impossible!
This camp has zero openings!
We sure this is the rear?
It's no use, lieutenant.
This enemy is bad news. We need to leave!
Call it off, Qiang Lei.
I don't doubt your prowess,
but this is just too much.
There's no way we
can get in there,
slay their commander,
and make it out alive!
You'll all be here, standing by.
If there's too much commotion,
make yourselves scarce at once.
Qiang Lei!
I'm telling you,
this is overkill!
Our unit--our captain
wouldn't want this!
Not so loud, Sun Ren!
Why in blazes are you intent
on doing something so reckless?!
Lieutenant...
When you become
a brigade commander,
you do give some consideration to
how many lives it will cost to defeat your foe.
And now's our chance to slay the
commander of a 10-thousand-man army
with no casualties at all.
So yes.
That means...
I'm being reckless
for the Fei Xin Force.
True, it won't be easy,
but it's not impossible.
Especially when...
...you're a member of a tribe that's been doing this work for a thousand years.
Let's go, Zhao commander.
Shift's up.
Right.
Who's there?
Idol worship, eh?
Unusual, for an army commander.
You have no right to laugh.
I'm not laughing.
I'm just here to take your life,
Zhao commander.
Zhao
Are you some sort of ghost?
I can't imagine anyone could infiltrate my camp and reach my sleeping quarters.
Much less a woman.
Yet here I am.
Indeed.
But just now, as you came into the torchlight,
you looked like something inhuman.
It's because you cling to those dolls
that things look that way.
I do not cling to these.
I use them as inspiration.
Tell me.
Is there anything you'd give
your life to protect, woman?
No, eh?
I lost my one and only, long ago.
And now...
now I have another.
I see.
Enough of that, then.
Pardon the interruption, Qiang Lei,
lieutenant of the Fei Xin Force.
I remembered the rumors of
a female lieutenant among the enemy,
one who uses otherworldly techniques.
In talking with you, I mostly managed
to organize my thoughts.
You, a lieutenant,
making this rash move:
It reveals the depth of your resolve,
and for that, you have my respect.
However...
I too have a reason I cannot
allow myself to be defeated.
The Qin army must not be permitted
to move beyond Heiyong!
Beyond Heiyong?
Liu Dong's sleeping quarters!
A thread?!
May Heiyong be...
your grave!
Liu Dong, sir!
Are you all right?
It's the Fei Xin Force's woman lieutenant.
I imagine she's still alive.
Try to keep her that way.
Sir!
This way!
--Stay close together!
--Make sure nothing gets past us!
She's badly hurt.
She won't be going far.
Find her!
Sir!
A Lieutenant's Responsibility
Next on Kingdom: "A Lieutenant's Responsibility."